alright ladies and gentlemen the
countdown is back oh my goodness I have
so many things to share with you there
are some things in here that I think
you're going to be surprised where they
fall in the countdown this month and
actually some products that I haven't
shown on the channel yet at all that I'm
really excited about so stay tuned hello
my friends welcome to my monthly
favourites countdown I am so excited
about this video it's probably my
favorite video to film all month because
I get to break down all the products
that I've tried this month and really
pick out you know the worst and the best
and everything in between and this one
that was really hard to find products
that I didn't like I like so many of the
products that month so I've got a lot of
great stuff to share with you if you've
never been here before
hello welcome to my monthly favorites
it's very different than most people's
monthly favorites but I think you're
really gonna love it we're gonna go
ahead and start with the worst products
that I've tried this month going all the
way up to the best so let's go ahead and
start with number 10 number 10 are
products that I've actually been trying
for the past couple of months but I
haven't really been using them until
this month the Revlon Ultra HD matte lip
colors actually got so mad at the other
one that I bought that I threw it in the
trash I was like oh I don't like you and
I end up throwing it away and I it was a
moment where I could have probably
passed it on to somebody or something
and I just had a moment but these things
are terrible and I bought them because
they are exact dupes the two shades that
I got which I will link in the
description down below where I'll list
them they are dupes for the Pat McGrath
lip kit number four the red one I'll
link it all down below also link the
video where I showed them that they are
dupes but the formula these are stinking
terrible they are so patchy and it's
really hard to get a good opaque lip
color like it's just so frustrating I
mean it's possible one thing that I did
was I laid down a nude color and then
put them over top but I don't want to
have to do that they are pretty
comfortable to wear and they're not bad
to wear they just look bad and they
smell like cherries like a like a sweet
candy cherries and the colors are
beautiful I just hate the way that they
apply I absolutely hate them so this is
number ten this month
number nine is a product that I am very
very sad about it's actually the first
product from this brand and this line
that I do not like this is the Real
Techniques concealer brush it's the one
zero two and this is from the bold
metals collection this brush is horrible
it is probably the worst brush I have
ever used in my life as far as not being
functional and I don't know because I
love the pixie woo sisters I love their
other brushes like I own maybe four
other brushes from the bowl metals
collection they're all amazing I love
the Real Techniques sponge I love the
regular line but this brush is just it's
okay this is the my problem with it it's
very very stiff when you when you try to
apply product with it and it just
doesn't blend the concealer it is a
triangular shape which is supposed to
get it all in those cracks and crevices
of your under eye area and wherever else
you want to conceal but it just I don't
like the way it blends product I've
tried it with multiple different kinds
of concealers I've tried it with you
know concealers that are in pots up
khun's tried it with concealers that are
in tubes with doe foot applicator 's
I've tried and tried it with powder
concealers and I just can't get this
brush to work for me so maybe it's
operator error maybe it's me if you love
this brush I would love to know how you
use it because I really don't want to
take it back but I'm thinking about
taking it back I do still have the
packaging for it because these are quite
expensive for drugstore products and I
am just really not enjoying this brush
at all these next couple of products I
actually did film a full review on these
but it was like an hour and 10 minutes
long and I had been fighting with this
video for like two weeks
and I hate the way that I filmed it I
don't enjoy it I kind of feel like it's
almost not even worth all of the effort
at this point to make a video on these
products I'm just gonna include them in
my monthly favorites video and just be
done with it because it's it's not fun
to edit this video anymore I'm not
enjoying it these are the Too Faced
holiday products Christmas in New York
from Sephora the chocolate one and the
Too Faced Grand Hotel cafe I think
there's a general consensus of what's
going on with these products they are
very they're okay I mean there's
definitely some winter shades in both of
the kits but there's a lot more misses
than I would like for the price tag of
course the packaging is adorable let me
just show you what you get in them so
the Grand Hotel cafe you take the roof
off and you open it up and it's just so
stinking cute it's got the little mini
mascara down there and then it's got the
three pallets in here the palace do not
smell good in my opinion I did leave
them out at the suggestion of the
community on the Facebook page they said
hey you know leave them out they don't
smell as bad if you leave them out and
they definitely smell a little bit
better now that they've been left out
but there's still they don't smell good
I feel like they missed the mark on the
cents yeah I mean totally missed the
mark they're supposed to have like a
coffee kind of scent along with the mint
the gingerbread and the eggnog but I
just don't I don't like the way that
they did the coffee scent I don't think
it smells like coffee and it just they
just smell like cheap fake cents just I
don't like it the shadows like I said
are very hit-or-miss I actually really
like the cheek products and this one a
lot in this set but I mean I think it's
a nice gift for someone that doesn't
have a lot of really nice eyes shadow
like if you have someone that typically
buys a lot of drugstore pellets that
just aren't really great I think this
would be a wonderful gift for them I
think they would freak out I think they
would have so much fun with it
you get so many choices in the shades
and it's beautiful but I just don't feel
like for me as a makeup addict who owns
a lot of very good quality who knows
what two-face is supposed to be I'm just
not super happy with the quality I mean
it's just okay it's not bad it's just
okay you know I just have really high
expectations for two-face that's just me
and then with the the chocolate shop one
again you take the top off and you open
this up and it's gorgeous I mean it's
absolutely stinking gorgeous you got the
shadow insurance the better than sex
mascara and the melted chocolate in the
shade chocolate milkshake this is I
really like this product a lot by the
way and this is a really nice mascara
this is really nice my shadow primer so
you get that and again I feel the same
way I feel like it's a nice gift for
someone that just doesn't you know maybe
has never tried high-end eyeshadows and
you want to give them something that
they'll really enjoy that's creative
that's beautiful I think it's a nice
gift but for makeup addicts again I just
don't feel like it's worth the
investment in it
the one thing that's really interesting
is there is a dupe shade in here this
mint chip is a dupe for a shade that's
in the nikkietutorials palette and then
this jingleberry is actually a dupe for
the jelly shade that's in the peanut
butter and jelly palette except for I
think they've reformulated it so that
it's actually better than the one that's
in the peanut butter and jelly pot which
it was nice to see you've got these kind
of chunky shades I mean you've got them
in the other palette too but these kind
of chunky ones over here that are kind
of difficult to work with I really feel
like they work better with a fingertip
than with a brush and just overall I'm
just not super happy like ecstatic over
the moon over this it does have the
chocolate scent which is really really
nice so again nice gift but definitely
not something for us that expect to face
that have amazing quality speaking of a
very consistent formula the lorac mega
pro 3 I did do a full review of this
with swatches an ingredient analysis and
all of that good stuff comparing it to
the lorac mega Pro one and two and all
of that it's a great video you should
definitely check it out it's linked down
below biggest complaint about this one
is you see how disgusting this packaging
is getting I have tried to clean this
people tell me you making use a baby
wipe things like that I haven't used a
baby wipe on it before I did this video
because I wanted you to see how messy it
gets but it is difficult to clean and
it's just gross but I love the shadows
the shadows are amazing I'll just give
you a quick summary of the review of it
the shadows work fantastic lasting power
is great the shade range leaves a little
bit to be desired as far as there's lots
of kind of ordinary going on in this
palette not a lot of extraordinary and
this weird pomegranate shade that I
think is very odd than that I mean
quality wise it's great so these shades
are calling to you it's a definite
recommend for me but the packaging is
gross next up is a boxycharm product
this is the studio makeup on-the-go
eyeshadow palette I got so many
compliments on the looks that I've done
with this eyeshadow palette it's just a
really good solid neutral palette and
they came in boxycharm which makes it
even better because boxy charms $21 a
month and this is a $50 I shadow palette
and that's where my only complaint comes
in with this is it's
$50 eyeshadow palette from a brand that
that I don't I've never heard of and I
don't know of anyone that has heard of
this I'm pretty sure it's a new brand
it's called the studio makeup and we are
getting another one of these in
boxycharm this coming month so I think
you might still be able to get it if you
want to sign up for boxycharm I do have
my referral link down below for box drum
if you wanted to use it or you can just
go to boxycharm and sign up there if you
wanted to but there's a cooler one that
we're getting this month which I'm super
super excited about but yeah just the
the blend ability lasting power all of
that and that's like a studio makeup can
do this I don't know why two-faced cats
like what is happening with Studio
makeup can make this amazing formula $50
eyeshadow palette for nine pans and Too
Faced can't get it right I don't I don't
know I don't know what happened there
but yeah amazing amazing eyeshadows I
just think the price point is a little
insane that's the only reason why it's
down lower it's a fantastic eyeshadow
palette alright the rest of the stuff in
this I absolutely love I have no no big
complaint so I'm just gonna nitpick on
why they went certain places in the
countdown the Coastal Scents blush and
bronzer palette I did do a full review
on this as well comparing it to the Too
Faced little black book of bronzers so
my big nitpick with this is they I
really feel like they copied off of Too
Faced on this with these three shades
here specifically and even that is very
similar to chocolate Soleil so you know
they got the the want want copied your
idea down a little lower on me
mcountdown but they're great products
they're really really good you'll be
able to see side-by-side swatches in the
video that I'll link down below so you
can see how similar they really are did
you face super inexpensive on this just
a great great product lasting power is
wonderful I have this blush on my cheeks
today and I love it it's just a really
great palette this was sent to me for
review eyes just so you know I didn't
pay for this but I have definitely given
negative reviews to Coastal Scents
before but this one's a really really
good one for Coastal Scents it's really
really good more products that I just
did reviews on the new Bien palette and
the masquerade palette by Julia's place
these are fantastic eyes shadow is I did
this look today with my eyeshadows in
this palette and I'll show you what I
use today I used this one Oh No
yes so I what I've been doing with this
which has been great I did it with the
purple this one right here and I just
did it with this one today is to mix
this shade right here with one of these
shimmery ones and I mix them together
today I used a little bit of the makeup
for ever setting spray and I put it with
this and this mixed together all over
the lid and then I put this just in the
inner corner and then I pop this by
itself in the outer core and it just
comes out with the most beautiful look
because you get this gradiated effect
because you're just using the same
shadow over and over again just
lightened with this one this is like a
magical shade for me I've really been
enjoying it the only my only critique
about this palette particularly there's
no brow bone shade that I can use but I
can use this as a transition which I
like it's a little bit dark for me for a
transition but I don't care what I've
been using is my Naked 2 basics palette
I also just got the meet matrimony by
the balm that's what I use today for my
transition in my brow bone but this
palette is great for just creating
gorgeous eye looks even though it
doesn't have those base shades they're
very very creamy they apply better with
the finger and then they do with a brush
but if you want to see more about this
again I'll link that video down below
and then the new Bien regular one same
formulas their exact same formulas it's
just different shades very consistent in
formula in my opinion between the two
palettes and just really really awesome
awesome products so I'll link that video
down below if you want more information
about that alright we're down to three
more products this one is the Tarte
shape tape I got this at generation
Beauty I did purchase this from the
Tarte of booth at the time I was having
trouble finding this and that's my only
critique about Tarte with this is that
it's sometimes difficult to find it
seems to be pretty solid on all too calm
and tart calm right now so you can buy
it it is so much coverage oh my goodness
I am wearing it today and I feel like
this is the best coverage foundation I
have ever used personally but the thing
is I don't have a lot of redness I just
have some dark circles under my eyes but
oh my gosh and a little bit goes a long
way you only need the tiniest a little
bit and it's just I love this stuff
love it love it love it does not crease
I do have on some fine lines under my
eyes it does not crease in my fine lines
even if I don't send it with a powder it
doesn't crease it's just a really great
product art did a fantastic job on this
all right this one I actually just got
recently and I don't normally products
that I got within the last week week and
a half I try to keep those out of my
favorites because I like to try them
longer but this one I think is going to
be a win forever and ever oh it's the
wet and well gold bar in the halls oh my
gosh it's so good so my friend Carla
picked this up for me we are kids used
to go to school together and now she's
part of the what's of a makeup community
she texted me and she was like Jen I
found the gold bars do you want me to
pick anything up for you and she picked
it up for me she bought it for me but I
cannot believe that she found this
because this is like the the unicorn of
the makeup world this gold bar if you
can find this thing you have to get it
it is so good I do have some complaints
about I'll talk to you about that in a
second but this thing is amazing lasting
power is amazing I am wearing it today
my big complaint is what you're seeing
right now is that it is super super
super from space highlighter and that
just doesn't work for everybody but if
you like that like this then you're
going to love this lasting power is
amazing it is so good it's so good it
also has this little mirror this cute
little mirror and the side that you can
pull out oh my gosh I mean how cute is
that and if you're like on the go you
can take this and you can apply it with
your fingers just kind of tap it on and
kind of rub it in with your ring finger
like that and you're done and you got
your little mirror there to help you
apply it I mean and even just having the
mirror there for other products - I mean
just and it's so it's like really in
there like it doesn't it doesn't come
out when you shake it I mean it's like
in there wet-and-wild rocked it with
this I am really really really hoping
that they release this as not limited
edition it does have the limited edition
sticker there which makes me sad but
hopefully hopefully they end up changing
their mind on this I don't know why
brands do that they release amazing
products as limited edition
be like no sorry no one else gonna have
it it's it's very frustrating so those
are my only complaints about this book
but it really does perform like an
honest Asya product I haven't if you
told me this was an honest hacia product
I would believe you and honest Ozzy is
one of my favorite highlighter brands so
girlfriend or boyfriend you need this in
your life if you see it grab it and
number one is a big surprise to me I was
not expecting these to be number one and
is my new favorite brush brand I have
well I can't say it's my favorite
because I still really really love my
beauty junkies brushes and these do not
top my beauty junkies brushes but I
would say that they are equal and
quality they're just a little easier
easily more easily they're just easier
to get let's just say that they're the
motor brushes these are by royal and
langnickel but they're they're they're
motor line you can get them at Walmart
they are very inexpensive I love these
brushes I got these from the royal and
langnickel booth at generation Beauty
and I have been using them non-stop I do
have another brush brand review coming
up that they are a uk-based brush brand
and I'm just starting to try those so
just be aware there's more brush reviews
coming but so far man these things are
awesome I like them better than the
regular royal and langnickel brushes
which are more expensive than these like
I love these I don't know how they make
them so cheap I really don't they have a
little bit of weight to them which is
really nice they also have this like
synthetic like really soft rubberized
like almost NARS II kind of feel on the
bottom of them like I'm not even kidding
and then they of course they're not
they're not real hair they're synthetic
hair but a lot of people really like
that they just apply product really
really well I have washed them the color
is not coming out of them that was my
first question when I saw them I was
like oh those are going to bleed
especially at that price point they are
gonna bleed they're gonna have color
everywhere it's gonna be a mess nope not
so far I haven't had any of the color
come out of these yet I've washed them
twice three times twice twice because
I'm lazy I should have brushed washed
them more than that but I've watched
them twice and no colors coming out of
them they're so good I want to get more
these royal and langnickel we've been in
come in contact so I'm hoping that
they'll send me more brushes if not I'm
buying more it's one of the other
thinking is sending to me or I'm buying
them I don't care how it works but I
want more of them that's all I gotta say
about them so if you see these in the
store definitely recommend picking them
up they are wonderful wonderful
wonderful wonderful so that is it for my
monthly favorites I hope you enjoyed it
if you did definitely make sure you
subscribe so you don't miss my monthly
favorites and next month I'm already
trying a lot of really good stuff I
bought some stuff at the oldest sale I
bought some stuff with Sephora that
somebody sent me a friends-and-family
code so I've got some of that stuff got
a lot of great reviews coming up for you
so definitely hit the subscribe button
hit that thumbs up button because it
makes me look cool and I definitely
share this with a friend who you think
will also enjoy the channel and mad love
to you and I hope you have a great day
or evening wherever you are mad love and
I'll see you soon